Restoring old posts (#443)
YOURLS/website: blog/2014-01-13-whats-new-in-yourls-1-7-better-http-requests-handling/index.md

---
title: "What's new in YOURLS 1.7 : better HTTP requests handling"
authors:
  - ozh
categories:
  - 'announcement'
tags:
  - '1-7'
  - 'http'
  - 'proxy'
  - 'utf8'
---

> As you may know, [YOURLS 1.7](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/releases) was released a couple days ago ([announcement](http://ozh.dreamhosters.com/2014/01/yourls-1-7-tom-araya-released/)). I promised a few blog posts highlighting the goodness and new features this version brings, so let's get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you may know, [YOURLS 1.7](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/releases) was released a couple days ago ([announcement](/2014-01-10-yourls-1-7.md)). I promised a few blog posts highlighting the goodness and new features this version brings, so let's get started.
```

Unsecure and incorrect link.

Besides better protection against potential SQL injection attacks and overall security measures, what's new in YOURLS 1.7?

<!-- truncate -->

## Better HTTP requests handling

Instead of a half-baked home-grown set of functions to perform HTTP requests, YOURLS is now using the awesome PHP library [Requests](https://github.com/rmccue/Requests).

"Yeah, err, probably cool", you're thinking, "but how exactly is that useful for me?" I hear you, let me elaborate.

## Proxy support

> The first direct benefit for you, kind user, is that YOURLS is now proxy-compatible, and you can install it behind a proxy or firewall. The will primarily interest corporate users or anyone setting up a YOURLS shortener in a corporate environment. If you're into this, be sure to check the documentation: [YOURLS proxy support](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/wiki/Proxy-Support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first direct benefit for you, kind user, is that YOURLS is now proxy-compatible, and you can install it behind a proxy or firewall. The will primarily interest corporate users or anyone setting up a YOURLS shortener in a corporate environment. If you're into this, be sure to check the documentation: [YOURLS proxy support](/docs/guide/advanced/proxy.md).
```
